option(value="text") Plaintext (no syntax)
option(value="abap") ABAP
option(value="abc") ABC
option(value="actionscript") ActionScript
option(value="ada") ADA
option(value="apache_conf") Apache Conf
option(value="asciidoc") AsciiDoc
option(value="assembly_x86") Assembly x86
option(value="autohotkey") AutoHotKey
option(value="batchfile") BatchFile
option(value="bro") Bro
option(value="c_cpp") C and C++
option(value="c9search") C9Search
option(value="cirru") Cirru
option(value="clojure") Clojure
option(value="cobol") Cobol
option(value="coffee") CoffeeScript
option(value="coldfusion") ColdFusion
option(value="csharp") C#
option(value="csound_document") Csound Document
option(value="csound_orchestra") Csound
option(value="csound_score") Csound Score
option(value="CSS") CSS
option(value="Curly") Curly
option(value="d") D
option(value="dart") Dart
option(value="diff") Diff
option(value="dockerfile") Dockerfile
option(value="dot") Dot
option(value="drools") Drools
option(value="dummy") Dummy
option(value="dummysyntax") DummySyntax
option(value="django") Django
option(value="eiffel") Eiffel
option(value="ejs") EJS
option(value="elixir") Elixir
option(value="elm") Elm
option(value="erlang") Erlang
option(value="forth") Forth
option(value="fortran") Fortran
option(value="ftl") FreeMarker
option(value="gcode") Gcode
option(value="gherkin") Gherkin
option(value="gitignore") Gitignore
option(value="glsl") Glsl
option(value="gobstones") Gobstones
option(value="golang") Go
option(value="graphqlschema") GraphQLSchema
option(value="groovy") Groovy
option(value="haml") HAML
option(value="handlebars") Handlebars
option(value="haskell") Haskell
option(value="haskell_cabal") Haskell Cabal
option(value="haxe") haXe
option(value="hjson") Hjson
option(value="html") HTML
option(value="html_elixir") HTML (Elixir)
option(value="html_ruby") HTML (Ruby)
option(value="ini") INI
option(value="io") Io
option(value="jack") Jack
option(value="jade") Jade
option(value="java") Java
option(value="javascript") JavaScript
option(value="json") JSON
option(value="jsoniq") JSONiq
option(value="jsp") JSP
option(value="jssm") JSSM
option(value="jsx") JSX
option(value="julia") Julia
option(value="kotlin") Kotlin
option(value="latex") LaTeX
option(value="less") LESS
option(value="liquid") Liquid
option(value="lisp") Lisp
option(value="livescript") LiveScript
option(value="logiql") LogiQL
option(value="lsl") LSL
option(value="lua") Lua
option(value="luapage") LuaPage
option(value="lucene") Lucene
option(value="makefile") Makefile
option(value="markdown") Markdown
option(value="mask") Mask
option(value="matlab") MATLAB
option(value="maze") Maze
option(value="mel") MEL
option(value="mushcode") MUSHCode
option(value="mysql") MySQL
option(value="nix") Nix
option(value="nsis") NSIS
option(value="objectivec") Objective-C
option(value="ocaml") OCaml
option(value="pascal") Pascal
option(value="perl") Perl
option(value="pgsql") pgSQL
option(value="php") PHP
option(value="pig") Pig
option(value="powershell") Powershell
option(value="praat") Praat
option(value="prolog") Prolog
option(value="properties") Properties
option(value="python") Python
option(value="r") R
option(value="razor") Razor
option(value="rdoc") RDoc
option(value="red") Red
option(value="rhtml") RHTML
option(value="rst") RST
option(value="ruby") Ruby
option(value="rust") Rust
option(value="sass") SASS
option(value="scad") SCAD
option(value="scala") Scala
option(value="scheme") Scheme
option(value="scss") SCSS
option(value="sh") SH
option(value="sjs") SJS
option(value="smarty") Smarty
option(value="snippets") snippets
option(value="soy_template") Soy Template
option(value="space") Space
option(value="sql") SQL
option(value="sqlserver") SQLServer
option(value="stylus") Stylus
option(value="svg") SVG
option(value="swift") Swift
option(value="tcl") Tcl
option(value="tex") Tex
option(value="textile") Textile
option(value="toml") Toml
option(value="tsx") TSX
option(value="twig") Twig
option(value="typescript") Typescript
option(value="vala") Vala
option(value="vbscript") VBScript
option(value="velocity") Velocity
option(value="verilog") Verilog
option(value="vhdl") VHDL
option(value="wollok") Wollok
option(value="xml") XML
option(value="xquery") XQuery
option(value="yaml") YAML